Hey guys, welcome back to Boost Your
Income with Bootstrap for WordPress.
In this lecture I'm gonna show you
how to install WordPress like a pro.
She ma.
[MUSIC]
So, here we are in our C panel and we're
going to install WordPress like a pro.
What is like a pro?
Well, professionals install
WordPress efficiently,
and make sure of the security, and
they don't want to waste time.
So there are a couple ways of doing that.
I touched on them in the previous lecture.
You can do that using the WordPress Wizard
and install WordPress pretty quickly, or
you can use database tools.
You use MySQL and PHP MyAdmin,
much like the way we did it when
we installed WordPress locally.
But what we're going to do,
because it's efficient, is use
in the home setting here under
website Install WordPress.
Let's go in here and make sure we
can install WordPress efficiently
in a timely manner and with security.
The reason why we're gonna do
this is because it's quick,
it installs WordPress fast.
Should we decide to change our mind and do
it this way with FTP upload the site via
FTP, it might take quite a while because
the WordPress package is quite large and
it takes a long time to upload over FTP
depending on your internet connection.
If you have a blazing fast fiber
optic internet connection,
you won't have any problem but
if you have a slow internet connection,
manually uploading WordPress over FTP,
it's going to take you a long time.
When you go this route,
WordPress is installed super fast, and
then all you gotta do is
install your theme in there and
make sure everything's up to date and
all the settings are correct.
So it's pretty straightforward.
So let's install WordPress.
In here, you need to select which
domain you'd like to install to.
I am going to use
BootstraptoWordPress.com and
I'm going to install it in the root here.
You can choose a directory, if you'd like.
Check the domain,
make sure we're all good.
Now we're going to want
to show advanced options.
So give the site name, menus are named,
this needs to be done correctly the first
time because you can't really change it,
although you can in the database,
but on the front end, you can't.
So choose a good domain username.
I'm gonna say Bootstrap admin and
choose a good password, a nice secure one.
Make sure to automatically create
a new database for this installation.
Go ahead and click that you've
read the terms and conditions,
considering you agreed to them and
hit Install Now.
All right, here we go.
They're setting up WordPress for us.
You could see the progress bar up here,
give you the details, if you want.
This should take a few minutes,
maybe less.
We'll check back here when we're
done installing WordPress.
There we go, the install is complete.
You can hit view credentials to make sure
you have all the right credentials like
your admin, your menus, and your password
but you should know your password.
Then all you need to do is go to
your domain that you installed.
So for
me BootstraptoWordPress.com/WP-admin.
That'll take me to my login screen,
where I'm gonna login with my username and
password, and
here we are in the live dashboard.
Basically, all we need to do
now is install and configure
our custom WordPress theme because right
now, this is all the site looks like and
is not quite the site we're trying to
build, or that we've already built.
So hang in there.
The next lecture, we're gonna install and
configure our custom WordPress theme.
See you there.
[MUSIC]